[CELEBORN-623][FOLLUPUP] Refine doc about use ratis shell with RSS cluster (#1542)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/celeborn_ratis_shell.md

$ celeborn-ratis sh -D<property=value> ...
```

**Note:**

> Celeborn HA use `NETTY` as default rpc type, users can refer to configuration `celeborn.ha.master.ratis.raft.rpc.type`.
> But Ratis use `GRPC` as default rpc type. So if user want to use Ratis shell with Ratis cluster use `NETTY` rpc type,
> users can use generic option `-Draft.rpc.type=NETTY` to set the RPC type of Ratis shell to Netty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celeborn HA uses `NETTY` as the default RPC type, for details please refer to configuration `celeborn.ha.master.ratis.raft.rpc.type`. But Ratis uses `GRPC` as the default RPC type. So if the user wants to use Ratis shell to access Ratis cluster which uses `NETTY` RPC type, the generic option `-Draft.rpc.type=NETTY` should be set to change the RPC type of Ratis shell to Netty.
```
